one of my personal favorite videos on
the internet today are animal videos and
not just me but billions of people
around the world love watching these
videos and they rack up millions of
views in tons of traffic across social
media and if you didn't already know
these channels and profiles are
generating tens of thousands of dollars
starting with zero followers and growing
fast just from posting pre-made
non-copyrighted animal videos just like
this take a look at this YouTube channel
Channel cute pets TV they have 1.9
million followers and are getting
millions of views according to Social
blade they are making close to $2,000 a
month and $200,000 a year just from the
views on this one single YouTube channel
or check out this channel top fives they
create simple videos just like this with
a narration behind them according to
Social blade this channel is making ,000
and more every single day just from the
video views that this channel brings in
and making
$400,000 per year there are tons of
other YouTube channels just like these
racking up millions of views with these
animal videos that they didn't even
create this is a niche that even me I
own social media accounts in that we've
gained millions of views and followers
on and to be completely transparent with
you guys this Niche has been extremely
profitable for us as well so I know that
it can work for you too I love this
Niche so much because this Niche can
really make others happy and even though
I do create and film my own videos using
the hacks in this free course today you
don't have to take any of the videos
yourself or even have an animal or pet
to do this so you can also do this too
without having to take any videos
yourself with these skills that you're
about to learn today and by taking
advantage of the power of AI it's never
been an easier or better time to start
this is so profitable because not only
can you make money from the actual video
views but also affiliate marketing your
own e-commerce stores and so many more
income streams that you will develop
that I have all free courses on on my
YouTube Channel people are really out
here as beginners making thousands of
dollars doing this and if they're doing
it why can't you with platforms like nid
AI you can create these videos in
minutes by typing in one simple text
prompt and the AI will create a
fullblown video for you in minutes I'll
also be showing you how you can get
these non-copyrighted animal videos
repurpose them by adding your own
originality and reupload them to YouTube
shorts and Instagram reals and Tik Tok
to grow your channels and profiles even
faster you already know my YouTube
channel is your number one source for
100% free education and courses all I
ask in return for the free education is
smash that like button for the YouTube
algorithm And subscribe to my YouTube
channel so I can continue to create free
courses and videos just like this now
let's get right into today's video now
let me show you how you can make these
videos with AI so this is in video AI I
put the link for this tool down in my
description box below so just make sure
you use that link let me show you how
you can actually do this the first thing
you'll see is this box that asks you to
type in a topic and instructions into
the box now that we're here let's ask
the AI to create a thre minute cute fun
YouTube video on 10 facts about dogs and
remember the more detailed The Prompt is
the better so you could ask the AI that
or you could just get a little bit more
detailed so instead this would be
considered a more detailed prompt so I
went ahead and put in create a YouTube
video on 10 facts about dogs the video
should maintain a fast-paced rhythm use
a American female voice and incorporate
a fun sound effect at the beginning
followed by a transition to fun
background music use large subtitles
divided into smaller segments for
emphasis use a combination of slow and
fast-paced clips synchronized with the
voiceover and ensure a high level of
video editing to enhance visual impact
on the video so feel free to take this
prompt and use it kind of switch it up
however you need it I just want you to
have these key components in your prompt
which is the topic of the video the tone
of the voice the type of voice over
whether you want subtitles or not more
specific features and like I said The
more specific you are the better the AI
is going to do and don't worry when the
AI is done creating this I'll show you
how we can put our own personalized
touch on it so now you're going to see
that our video is being generated and as
the AI is working make sure that you
sign up here and make an account it is
free to sign up and I already have one
but if you haven't already made one you
can make it here now that our video is
done let's see what the AI made for us
it is so crazy that the AI made this
this fast so right under this video you
can see below here there's this preview
of our video and then there's this edit
command box here you can make different
types of edits using just these Simple
Text commands so I'll show you how you
can do this so we can ask to change the
subtitles in the video to a different
kind of font we can change the intro and
start with a joke we can add a call to
action at the end of the video and ask
them to subscribe to your channel for
more and there's one more special
feature here that I love which is
cloning my own voice so if you don't
want that automated voice over in your
video you can add a much more human
touch on it by cloting your own voice
with the system I already have mine
inputed in the system which only took 5
minutes so I'm just going to type in
here in the edit command box change
voice over to voice one which is my
voice let me show you how you can use
this new voice cloning tool when you're
on N Video AI just click on these three
lines up here on the left hand side then
under plugins just click on voices click
here and you can add your voice with
this you have to submit a recording of
at least 30 seconds and just mention I
give in video AI the permission to use
my voice this is just for you to use but
if you don't mention this it will not
work you can just use your phone or your
laptop so once you film a voice just
click on choose file and you can upload
it here the processing is complete you
can then click on use and it will
automatically add your voice to The
Prompt here you can edit the script and
media of the video so you really have
full control over this video say you had
your own fact that you wanted to add
about a dog you could just switch up the
script and it will switch up the media
to make it even better they also do have
a phone app so you can do this
completely from your phone and again I
did put the link to access this platform
right down in my description box down
below you can get started with nid AI
for free and create up to four videos
for free every single week but if you're
serious about video creation and you
want to publish these videos without the
watermark you should upgrade to the paid
plan that starts around $20 a month here
it is here this is the plan that I have
and of course with this paid plan you're
getting access to all these features
including ining The Voice cloning tool
the best stock footage in the market and
other features you would normally need
other types of subscriptions for this is
an all-in-one platform that's very
affordable that you can use and I did
get a code for you guys you can use code
Badd and Biz 50 when upgrading your plan
to get two times the number of video
credits for the first month so now I'm
going to show you how you can get more
unique content specifically for YouTube
Shorts YouTube shorts can help your
YouTube channels grow much faster and
and can make you money as well method
number one is you can actually use in
video AI also for short form content
method number two is by repurposing
content from Chinese content creator
apps I know this sounds weird but this
method is also free to do so let me show
you how you can also post videos like
this there are actually Chinese apps
like DN or dawin like the Chinese
version of Tik Tok also Shen Yun that
has tons of animal content that we can
repurpose YouTube is actually banned in
China from what I know so these clips
would then be non-copyright you could
search for the Shaun app in your phone
app store download it and make an
account after downloading you're going
to reach a page where you need to select
up to four interests and just make sure
to include pets and then submit make
sure to includes pets and just anything
animal related in this list then it's
going to pop up tons of animal videos
for you as soon as you're inside so say
you want to repurpose one of these
videos I have this free app called the
recorder app on my iPhone and if you
just click record on this app and you
screen record this video you can then
take that video crop it up put your own
personal touches on it and then post
this as your YouTube short there are
ways where you can copy the link and use
a website that will save that video for
you from the link but I tried them
myself and they were really sketchy and
weird so I don't recommend them for you
guys now if you need hooks or ideas in
your videos you can use Chachi PT to
come up with short funny captions here's
the exact prompt I'm giving to chat gbt
and you can see all the ideas it gives
to us in less than 2 seconds adding text
on screen Hooks and captions of course
to your YouTube shorts makes it look
more original and eye-catching
especially with short form content so
now that you have the knowledge on how
to create long form animal content and
short form animal content without having
an animal and without showing your face
or making any videos yourself you are
now ready to start posting and growing
your YouTube channel if you haven't
already watched my full free course
about YouTube automation I do have it on
my YouTube channel and I'll link it down
in the description box below this will
teach you how to make great performing
thumbnails and tons of other topics that
I get very specific about how to grow on
YouTube specifically in that free course
for even more support on your YouTube
Automation and content creation Journey
you should definitely join VES and
Business Club WE Post two new classes
every single week that are dedicated to
helping you grow faster through social
media and monetizing online I personally
spend time with all of my VIP members to
help you strategize and expedite your
journey with making money online and you
will have all the resources that you
need to succeed also put the link for
the bodies and Business Club down in my
description box below and at the top
comment as well you guys already know my
YouTube channel is your number one
source for 100% free education in
courses and again all I ask in exchange
for the free education is smash that
like button for the YouTube algorithm
And subscribe to my YouTube channel so I
can continue to create videos and free
courses just like this wishing you all
the best with your animal YouTube
automation journey and I will see you
guys in my next free course bye everyone